DAPI 691 - Add to the pim documentation how to blacklist some jobs in… (#1345)
akeneo/pim-docs: install_pim/manual/daemon_queue.rst

    $ /path/to/php /path/to/your/pim/bin/console akeneo:batch:job-queue-consumer-daemon --env=prod -j update_product_value -j add_product_value -j remove_product_value

> You can also exclude some jobs from a consumer (blacklisted jobs). This could be useful if you want a specific job to be consumed by another consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent specific jobs from being processed by a consumer, for instance, if you want these to be specifically processed  by another one.
```
